HYRULE


Wooden sword
You can get it exactly at the same place than NES version. It takes 1 life point from enemy.
I doesn't permit to hit statue, it's the only use of it : Killing !!

Candle (it's the only candle of the game)
You can buy it for 60 ruppees. It will only allow to burn bushes of the outside world. 
You can't burn enemies or light up dark rooms of dungeons (there aren't any dark rooms)

Wooden shield
It just permit to Link, to be untouchable during a little more time. It's the only effect of it.

Magical Shield
Link is hurt each 2 times.

Letter
A Letter given to you by an old man will allow you to buy Red or Blue potions in specialty stores.

Metal sword
You can get it exactly at the same place than NES version. It takes 2 life point from enemy.
I doesn't permit to hit statue, it's the only use of it : Killing !!

Master sword
You can get it exactly at the same place than NES version. It takes 4 life point from enemy.
I doesn't permit to hit statue, it's the only use of it : Killing !!

Bomb
Bombs can explodes rocks, tree stumps, statues, and walls in dungeons. They are useless on enemies.

Magic Arrows
You can buy them for 80 Ruppes. But on shot will cost 1 rupees. It takes 2 lifes points from enemy.

Recorder
This item can reveal hidden ways across the sea.

Food
Like Mario, Link got fat because he ate too much. 
But he becomes invulnerable during 5 screens.

Letter
The Letter is given to Link by the Old Man in a specific cave found up a staircase northeast of the Lost Hills.
The Old Man will tell Link to "show it to the Old Woman". 
If Link does so, the Old Woman will start selling potion at her Potion Shops.

Water of Life (BLUE)
The Water of Life is the first of two available heart-restoring potions.
The Water of Life can be purchased at the Old Woman's Potion Shops, at the price of 40 Rupees.
Drinking the Water of Life will fully restore Link's hearts.


Water of Life (RED)
The 2nd Potion can be purchased from the Old Woman's Potions Shops for 68 Rupees.
The 2nd Potion has two doses, so it will heal of Link's hearts twice.
It is by far the better deal compared to the Water of Life, as it costs less than two Water of Lifes and
does the same thing.

Magical Rod
Not the same use than the original Zelda on NES. It just permits to see differents things in magic places.
You can find it .... I won't tell you, I won't spoil you ! lol

Blue Ring
It permits to cross hidden ways.

Red Ring
On of the first objet to find at the begining of the game. You could access to the fist donjon key.

Donjon Keys
You will need a special key to open donjons.

Clock
This item will be dropped by enemies after Link has defeated them, and, when collected, will freeze every enemy on the screen.
This makes it much too easy for Link to kill all of the enemies in the room, or just leave them there, frozen.

Recovery Heart
They are usually dropped by enemies after Link has defeated, and if collects one it will heal one of his hearts.


Heart Container
Once collected, they will increase Link's maximum health by one. One can be found at the end of each dungeon,
found where the Boss was killed. 

Rupees
They can be found everywhere, most predominantly after enemies have been killed, at which point they may drop some.
They are four variates : 
 - Yellow Rupee : 1 Rupee.
 - Blue Ruppee : 10 Rupees.
 - Black Ruppe : -50 Rupees.
 - Green Rupee : 255 Ruppees (only one in the whole game) 
 
Mushrooms
There are 3 types : green mushrooms make Link running instead of walking. Red mushrooms make Link run very very fast.
And Rotten mushrooms make link walk like the begining of the game but reverses controle directions too.











DONJONS

Bow
At the same place than NES version. You'll need somes magic arrows to use it.

Raft
It is found deep inside Level 3: The Manji, and can be used to cross large bodies of water.

Stepladder
The Stepladder is very similar to the Raft. It can be used to cross short gaps that can be found throughout
Dungeons. It is the only item that can be used to cross these gaps, and thus is required to complete the game.

Compass
The Compass is found in every dungeon. Once Link has collected it, it will show Link the location
of the Panties lost by Zelda and complete a piece of the Triforce.

Dungeon Map
The Dungeon Map is exactly what its name infers.



